on a western bay and it serves a hundred ships a day lonely sailors pass the time away and talk about their homes and there's a girl in this harbor town and she works laying whiskey down they say brandy
Fetch another round, she serves them whiskey and wine.
They say, they say, Brandy, you're a fine girl.
What a good wife you would be.
Yeah, your eyes could steal a sailor from the sea.
Brandy.
wears a braided chain made of finest silver from the north of spain a locket that bears the name of a man that brandy loved he came on a summer's day bringing gifts
far away but it made it clear they couldn't stay no horror was his heart they said i said bring me you're a fine girl what a good wife you would be but my life my love of my lady is the same
Brandy used to watch his eyes when he told his sailor's story.
She could feel the ocean fall and rise.
She saw its rage and glory.
But he had always told the truth, but he was an honest man.
And Brandy does her best to understand him.
Tonight, when the bar's closed down, Brandy walks through a silent town and loves a man who's not around.
She still can't hear him say.
She hears him say, Brandy, you're a fine girl.
You're a fine girl.
What a good old wife you would be.
Such a fine girl.
Got my life, my love, and my lady in the city.
for the good
Good morning, good afternoon, everyone.
This is the voice of Jonathan Cooey.
I'm coming to you live out of my garage in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
I'm the chief biologist of Gigome Biological.
I used to be an academic tenure-chasing biologist and a catamagician, if you will.
You can find the stain of that work on the internet on the National Library of Medicine's website, PubMed, using my last name C-O-U-E-Y and my first two initials.
One interesting paper there that will reveal a lot of the entanglements that I have been trying to free myself from is a 2021 environmental chemistry letter.
Good to look at.
There are other examples as well on that list.
I presented to Panda three times.
Those videos have been lost by that organization for some reason.
I've also presented very succinctly to the National Citizens Inquiry, but they're still collecting more testimonies and they haven't been able to rank any individual message as being more important or more valuable than any other.
I've presented to the Wellness Company and their group of trustees.
I've presented to the Children's Health Defense and various parts of that organization so many times I can hardly
recall them all, and all of that work with Children's Health Defense and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
are now the United States Secretary of Health and Human Services, was the publishing of the Wuhan cover-up and the terrifying bioweapons arms race, where I am listed as one of the experts that helped make it possible.
One of the best presentations I've given in recent memory was at the Red Pill Expo,
June 17th, I believe, 16th, and that was last year, thanks to G. Edward Griffin.
So if you want to hear a little bit about how this has gone, that maybe is a good one to start with, you know, but much more has happened in the almost year since then.
The work continues to be stored at stream.gigaohm.bio.
That seems to be working okay.
Of course, that's straight.
That place could disappear in one flick of anyone's wrist if the wrong wrist is flicked.
So I don't know what to say other than thank goodness that's there.
We also have a soapbox instance at GigaOM.bio.
And if you want to find out everything and where everything is, of course, headquarters is at GigaOMBiological.com.
You can follow the advice on the screen there, sending an email to GigaOMHQ at Proton.me.
And maybe we can get an email out to you.
I don't know if Proton is any better than Gmail, but we're just mixing it up a little bit, trying to be flexible.
And if you want to send something to me or my family to help and support this work, you can also send something directly to PO Box 802, Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, 15102.
We had to fix our furnace.
We are renting our house.
So yeah, there's some things that went well.
Some things that go well with renting is that we don't have to fix our furnace.
That worked out all right last week, a couple days ago.
Um, but we are still, uh, hanging on by a thread here.
So if you, if you haven't found a way you find this, this message worth supporting, please, you know, if it's your first time, just click and see if you can find a way to support the stream.
Cause every little bit helps.
Um, we're just a little family and we're not trying to get rich.
We're just trying to make ends meet.
Thank you very much for being here.
And I will see you after the introduction.
shouldn't just be a few people that are leaders.
Everybody has to figure out their own leader inside themselves.
If they're too shy to go approach somebody in person, then stick a card or a flyer on someone's car next to you every time you park your car.
Stick a card inside of a gas station credit card slot every time you get gas.
If everybody that is aware of the truth and awake to the truth started to do these things, we can touch people, the hearts and minds of people, one person at a time,
in day-to-day living.
We don't need these echo chambers online where we're all repeating to the same followers most of the time.
We get a few new people, but I think we really need more people to take what they're learning and get out there and touch the people that they're in a community with.
By about 1660, John Locke wrote that day laborers and tradesmen, spinsters and dairy maids must be told what to believe.
the greatest part cannot know and therefore they must believe.
at all, because you don't need to read them to pass or get a good grade.
But this one is pretty cool.
The quote from Alice in Wonderland.
One can't believe impossible things, said Alice.
I dare say you haven't had much practice, said the queen.
Why, sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.
So that's totally suitable for this lecture.
A lot of impossible things are going to happen today.
So that is what I've been predicting all the time, that ultimately this evolution would inevitably lead to the emergence of a highly virulent variant that would cause waves of hospitalization and severe disease in highly vaccinated countries.
Of course, always the same, only in highly vaccinated countries, right?
So that's a relief.
It's literally turning into a worst case scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
The specializations should make you suspicious because if it's gotten harder to evaluate what's going on, then it's presumably gotten easier for people to lie and to exaggerate.
And then one should be a little bit suspicious.
And that's, that's a, that's sort of my starting, my starting bias.
the question about pandemic.
And Stephen, your immunology professor said, very good, because the question was very good.
And of course, as I've been trying to say for four years now, there is no pandemic, there was no pandemic, and there will be no pandemic.
And
It's like Jay said, the RNA can't pandemic.
It can't.
And there's no reason to discuss this anymore because it's clear.
And if it's clear, we shouldn't waste time talking about it.
your latest video with Paul was amazing, JJ.
Wow, that's a very nice compliment.
Thank you very much.
Can you hear me better now or not?
Yes, much better.
It was really like it nailed down two things for me, but I finally really understand the infectious clone idea.
And I think it's very, very likely what happened
JJ?
Sorry, yes, go ahead.
Are you going to do the CD and tape analogy?
Because that really, really hit home for me.
And I think people would love to hear that analogy because they can... You see, postdocs are not post-secondary degrees.
And she and they all know this, and they have been promoting her as having five post-secondary degrees since 2021.
And since then, I have been skeptical of this person.
And I find that she fits the role of SPARS in the, I mean, Epi-Girl in the SPARS pandemic exercise so perfectly that it cannot be dismissed.
It must be acknowledged.
And they all know this.
There is no explanation for what this slide contains here.
where these people are promoting her in 2025 as a five post-secondary degrees in applied mathematics, in immunology, in computational biology, molecular biology, and biochemistry.
Anybody in academic science knows that what she has listed there as five postdocs is evidence of her
being unable to get a position, unable to establish a research line of her own, unable to actually ascend the ladder of any sort of academic researcher.
And instead, it seems like she was just touring the world for five consecutive postdocs
setting herself up to play this role with five post-secondary degrees.
I could also say that I have three post-secondary degrees.
One of them from Erasmus MC and Erasmus University in Rotterdam could be characterized as a molecular psychiatry degree because that's actually the department in which I worked.
And yet I don't go around suggesting trying to find the biggest words to describe my postdocs and call them post-secondary degrees.
Yet not only does she do it, but all of these people do it for her.
You can't ignore this.
These people also don't ever question her.
They questioned me.
These people don't question the five degrees of Jessica Rose.
They don't question her virology work.
They don't point out that she's worked on HIV that they also don't believe in.
In fact, the only people that have ever gotten together to discuss anyone, it's me.
I'm not sure exactly who he is.
His name is JJ Cooey, and I believe he's a consultant for CHD.
and I believe he has a PhD in some sort of scientific discipline from what I understand.
Let me introduce
Jonathan, who's gonna talk about his latest distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and to the whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
Now remember, please remember that this actual group meeting took place after the group meeting that I just played where
John Bodwin and Kevin McKernan of the Human Genome Project and Stephanie Seneff of MIT and Jessica Rose are listening to me present about the clones and she requests that I explain the analogy using my mixtape analogy.
Now, this is really extraordinary to think about this from the timeline of what's going on here because if you can see
how this has been created, how this has been curated, and who has curated it, you can escape, and you can show it to your kids, and your kids can teach their grandchildren the truth.
And then each of us, this incredible preeminent panel that we have, each one of you is gonna get a chance to comment
So for what it's worth, I mean, it's such a chaotic scene right now.
It seems like, you know, intentionally, obviously it's only going to get worse with the election coming up.
I still, you know, I don't follow very many people anymore.
I just follow like 22.
If I follow somebody, I trust them.
You know, as far as I know, as much as it depends on my knowledge and sense of things,
It's not that I agree with everything that person says necessarily, but that person is, they are who they say they are.
They are authentic.
I admit that I'm biased because I know that, especially Jonathan Engler, I know him well, and have for a year plus.
you know, if Jonathan Engler turns out to be, you know, something that he's not or some kind of manipulator, I mean, I would be devastated.
I would be absolutely devastated and probably, you know, quit this whole thing and be like, OK, then I don't know anybody.
And so none of these people on this screen, with the exception of maybe Wolfgang Wodach or maybe Thomas Binder,
will actually say that it was murder in America that was used to create the illusion of the pandemic around the world.
It was murder in America that allowed them to explain that the lockdowns in other places worked.
The only reason why Australians and New Zealanders have been led to believe that the lockdowns work is because of the murder in America.
Using supplementary oxygen, inducing ARDS,
ventilators when not necessary, the lack of antibiotic use because there was a viral pneumonia, which is a lie, and the multi-year opioid crisis, which was exacerbated in North America before and at the start of the pandemic.
And all of these people have heard, directly or indirectly, the language of Brandy Vaughn, and all of them have chosen to ignore it.
That's why they don't say her name any more than they say my name.
Because by my own
blind wandering through this mess of liars, I came to very similar conclusions that Brandy did before I realized that she had so much biology to teach me.
If I had met Brandy or seen Brandy before, maybe I would have gotten to where I was, or maybe not, I don't know, maybe I wouldn't have learned it as well as I've learned it, but none of these people are explaining how PCR is a fraud, and probably could have been so easily explained at the beginning of the pandemic, but wasn't.
None of these people are explaining why injection is so much different than ingestion, which is how Brandy described it.
And none of these people are mentioning the population pyramid, which is essentially a kind of eclipse, a natural phenomenon that if you know it's coming, or you know what's coming, then you can tell elaborate stories about what you understand and make people believe that you have control over things that you don't.
That's what they did with the population pyramid.
That's what they did with the illusion of a pandemic.
That's what they did with the illusion created with PCR.
And that's what all of these people are wittingly or unwittingly involved in.
And so we need to figure out who of these people knows how much they know, and we need to put enough pressure on them to some of these people break.
This is in memory of Brandy.
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
The goal is to live.
What time is it?
Game time!
Woo!
Well, we're back again, ladies and gentlemen.
We're not pulling any punches today.
The reason why I'm coming to you on a Saturday is because that's the way the schedule of the family worked out.
It's been a long, strange trip.
This weekend, Saturday afternoon, is the opportunity.
So that's where I'm here.
I hope everybody, I hope this message finds everyone well.
It is still the same situation, only knowledge is going to dispel their enchantment.
That's what GigaOM Biological is here to provide.
I'm not saying that I can get you out, but I think I can get you running in the right direction.
I think I can encourage you to do the right exercises that will help you start with the truth.
That's what we all need to do.
We need to start with the truth because we don't have it right now.
What we have is a distorted, obfuscated,
version of the truth because we've turned over our consciousness to their military programming.
And now it really doesn't matter anymore what's true, but what's perceived to be true.
And social media allows that control to be almost total.
And so goldfish can be sharks, and RNA can pandemic in their world, and money is real.
All of these things, all these illusions have to be broken before our grandchildren inherit them.
We need to teach our kids to read books again, because otherwise our culture will be destroyed by these people.
We need to pass along a real history to our grandkids, a real history about how this biology was sculpted over the last
many, many decades, and I think there are a few allies on our team.
One of our allies is Mark Kulak in Boston, Massachusetts.
Mark is the curator of HousatonicICS.com, one of the best archives on the internet, maybe the best archive on the internet, really, if you want to talk about this stuff.
The Liberty Perspective is run by Joe Marshall, a guy who I like a lot.
I've met in person.
I've got a lot of useful things he thinks about.
His videos are long, but you can put them on in the background and listen and all of them are noted and well cited.
Grace's dad another one of these guys who seems to get his message out there But you know, there's enough people standing in front of him that the real message of him his never actually escapes he was just on on Stu Peters a couple days ago, and it was just it was just absolutely extraordinary Stu Peters is a
a now buffed and tattooed guy who sells supplements and has a most interesting man commercial just like Robert Malone had.
This is a great new substack.
Another piece of art came out today which I thought was really cool.
It showed a coronavirus leaping out of a puddle.
It's a really nice drawing.
I don't know about the part of that drawing that has me drawn because I don't think this guy is going to make a great...
But he does.
It's really nice.
It's really, really nice.
I look a little goofy, but I don't mind at all.
All the people in his cartoons are fun.
It's just a wonderful substack.
He's a great guy.
Happy to send a little attention his way.
Thank you very much, Ned.
There are only three classes of people.
Hopefully you are one who can at least see when shown They have been showing us for a long time.
We just haven't been looking They have been showing us for a long time and we just haven't been able to see it because there's so many people between us and the truth
So many people doing elaborate dances and stage shenanigans and elaborate events with high quality graphics and banners, but nothing is really happening.
It's kind of like Mark Kulak's recent video with the iPhone and the progress in the technology of the iPhone versus the progress in the messaging of this health freedom movement.
It's really kind of sad when you see it.
And the reality is that there is only one chance in history, and that's this one, where they will have this many people and kids and grandkids whose genetic and molecular medical data can be collected over their lifetimes to
assemble a hypothetical database that they think might be able to provide the basis by which an AI or a non-existent but soon-to-be-existent computer will be able to sort through that much data and spit out a solution.
And this is the transhuman dream that was first really
probably best codified by Joshua Lederberg, who none of these people ever mentioned.
That's what AI is all about.
That's the illusion of AI.
They want you to believe that, you know, AI already runs all of social media, which is, of course, that's a nonsense lie.
I'm just going to assume that everybody knows at this point that some people in our midst have been telling us the truth, whether they're good guys or bad guys, it's very possible.
You know, Noam Chomsky is at MIT, so was Noam Chomsky ever a good guy once he was in front of us?
I don't know.
I kind of doubt it.
that sorting that history out is necessary, paramount right now.
For my personal work, I need to get this biology out.
I need people to understand that a spectacular commitment to lies about biology is all that's required because there are only a few experts.
And experts are trained to stay in their lane.
And so if you have a couple people that you put on the internet that claim to know and seem to know, then it's very, very normal for the vast majority of these academic biologists to just surrender to the expert that claims to know.
And interestingly, these people are tied to some of the most wicked and malevolent players on the internet from before the pandemic, like Alex Jones and his guest Soap here.
These people are associated with the worst kinds of track records on the internet, the worst kinds of track records as professionals, and yet somehow or another we're told that these people are supposed to be heroes.
The idea that somebody who sued a university
successfully for half a million dollars because he had something happen to him that he was able to film and turn into a lucrative podcast is just absurd.
These are traitors to our children and the reason why Brett Weinstein makes a prediction about the end of the West is because that is the plan.
They are working for the slavers that want to end the United States and remove the United States Constitution and break national borders and ruin the American culture by splitting us into as many fragments as is necessary.
That also explains why somebody with ties for decades and maybe even a generation back to his father
is so spectacularly committed to these lies that include the high-fidelity stories of HIV, the high-fidelity stories of Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, the high-fidelity stories of XMRV, the high-fidelity stories of SV40, and the high-fidelity stories of Charles Rixey.
That's the danger that we are in, that these people seem to be accepted on the left and the right as experts and as people that are gonna be put in front of us.
This performance is going to continue.
And if you can see it for what it is, it is this absolute necessity that we teach, not they, but we teach our children the gain of function mythology.
We teach our children
this idea that viruses can circulate the globe and do so.
That's the issue here.
That's the part that is most terrifying.
It's the part that's most terrifying because they are reliant on us not questioning it and then our kids passively absorbing it.
It's really, really important that we pass on to our children the value of common sense.
It is really important that we pass on the value of non-compliance, especially with regard to the use of social media.
Ladies and gentlemen, this may be the last chance that we have to save the children of earth from permanent mental enslavement through social media that exists now and its permutations that will exist in the future.
Ladies and gentlemen,
I beseech you to understand that more than anything else, we need to save our children from social media.
You and I, we need to get off of it and not use it in the way that they want us to use it.
The scrolling, the TikTok, the Snapchat, the Twitter, this has all got to end.
We need to start communicating with each other in depth again.
We need to communicate with each other and start with the truth.
The truth is, is that children could not give informed consent.
The reason why these photographs exist, the reason why those masks exist in a band room is because of us.
We failed our children.
That history cannot be forgotten.
That we failed our college kids by not keeping them out of the hands of these people.
That's the reason why our college kids were subjected to testing and to vaccination due to their exposure to these universities.
And so we gave our kids over to these charlatans, but it could be different this time.
We could take it back if we come to realize how we have been played.
It's not by just Tony Fauci and just Steve Bannon.
It is by all of these people in the middle here who have been doing elaborate dances on social media.
These people, ladies and gentlemen,
Make no mistake about it, from personal experience, I am suggesting that there are criminals in this picture and that they had motive, means, and opportunity to be traitorous to our grandkids.
And so it's up to all of us to archive this
this history before it's lost, that's our hope.
Our hope is in biology, our hope is in recording this history and sharing it with as many people as possible and making sure that no matter what path people choose, they inevitably run into the truth.
And this little group of people that should have known better should start to feel the pressure of this ever-growing crowd of people that understand the biological myths that they've created and perpetuated that these people start to feel the pressure.
Intramuscular injection is dumb.
Transfection in healthy people is a crime.
RNA cannot pandemic.
And these illusions require your participation to sustain.
The U.S.
vaccine schedule is a criminal enterprise.
If there's a measles plus coming, we've got this all, we've got it all under control.
Ladies and gentlemen, I assure you, we can figure this out.
We can figure it out.
Thank you very much for joining me.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
It is March 1st, 2025.
Holy cow.
Thank you very much for being here.
It is one of those days again, where we have a lot to talk about.
I'm gonna try and spit it out as fast as I can but there's about a hundred slides to go in this deck yet so hang on to your pantyhose.
We're trying to correct a slogan of a friend of mine.
I got a buddy who runs this thing called Broken Science and Broken Science has this
has this statement that they have on some of their things, incipimus veritatis, or something like that.
And I have a really great teacher that was a teacher of my kids in their middle school who speaks six languages and teaches Latin there.
She's frighteningly intelligent.
Whatever she knows about, you wouldn't believe how much she knows.
And so she corrected this statement.
And so I don't know how to say it.
I think we could probably figure it out and maybe I will in the coming weeks.
But this is speaking to a group and start with or begin with the truth.
And I think that's what we really need to do.
As a society, we need to start with the truth.
And that's going to take a lot of pain and a lot of mental anguish in order to accept.
But the truth is that the situation that we're in is not our own creation.
Our ruling elite, the overclass have brought us here.
That's where we are.
And I wanted to address what's on the screen here.
I really feel like this stream has become a message of hope that is really not for everyone, because not everyone is going to be ready to hear what I have to say, but anyone
that was to take the next two hours and listen to what I have to say will be able to hear it.
And it will make sense and it will be worth considering, I think.
And so thank you very much for having a seat.
Thank you very much for reloading this video if you're not watching it live, but you've come back because you saw it earlier.
This is indeed for all the marbles.
This is for all the children of earth.
And I'm optimistic, but we really need to pull our heads out quick.
Just to give you a little demonstration of what's going on here and what happens to the the work that we're doing a couple days ago a happy little See a series of happy little accidents was released and they blocked the entire video Video cannot be seen or monetized in any place and I tried to dispute it, but they rejected the dispute It was journeyman pictures who owned the rights to the dateline
video from Australia that I showed with Brandy Vaughn in it and so the entire video got blocked for these what appeared to be two and a half minutes and if you just cursorily go to look where 0631 is
and where 0855 is, you're gonna see the start and the end of the Brandy clip.
So what's funny, what's really funny, what's a kind of an automatic admission here, is that once I cut out the parts with Brandy, but still left the rest of the Dateline video in, which presumably still has copyrighted film footage that they don't want me using, it had no impact anymore.
So I left about,
Oh, sorry, there's only three seconds in.
So once I cut it out, there's no impact anymore.
They don't mind.
And there is more in that video, right?
All the parts about the Jewish community in America fighting a measles epidemic.
That part is the same video.
but they cut that out.
So maybe Journeyman Pictures recorded the part about Brandy or maybe they just don't want me to talk about Brandy.
So just to remind you, there is a Learn the Risk, there is a Learn the Risk YouTube channel and it doesn't have nothing on it.
And I think that following the lead of Brandy and what she can show us,
as an example, is really an extraordinary gift.
And maybe it just came at the right time.
Maybe I realized and pulled my head out about Brandy at the right time.
because had I known Brandy when the truckers were going, maybe I would have still not been able to hear her message.
Maybe I still wouldn't have been able to understand it because I was still chasing a lab leak, because I was still worried about the evolution of something or whatever.
And so I don't know if I had known Brandy when I met Robert F. Kennedy Jr., would I have had the patience
Would I have had the patience to have gotten my name all the way in this book or would I have blown it already in the first two weeks by just screaming and yelling in those meetings about, you guys aren't listening to Brandy.
And so in a lot of ways, when I look back on it, I mean, the year and a half that I worked for CHD for this book or as a staff scientist afterward, all of that would not have been possible had I known their track record
in light of Brandy's message.
I wouldn't have been able to work for them for a week.
And so in a lot of ways, you could see it as pretty serendipitous that I didn't know about Brandy and could sort of fight my way out of it while working for them because then all of these pictures exist.
And my name sits in the beginning of this book.
It's gonna be hard in a lot of ways for that to just sit there for the next 50 years in any library that has this book.
It's weird.
But again, if I had known the extent to which Brandy had been absorbed and stood in front of by all of these people in the health freedom movement before I joined them,
then I would not have been able to get the the insider's view of the level of sabotage that I got.
Just wouldn't have been able to.
And so it's just it's just a bunch of series of happy little accidents that I'm able to share my experience with you and able to say that this is probably just murder.
And if I move my big head out of the way, you know, you can see very clearly in red, what we have here is the, we have in red here, we have the pneumonia deaths and we have it under control.
And then we suddenly lose control of the pneumonia deaths in 2020.
And then we get control back at the end of 2021 or the beginning of 2022.
And then we never lose control again.
And so it is this exact period right here, that exact phenomenon that we want to understand because there's no way that the baseline behind me and the baseline afterward can be explained by just a spreading novel pathogen.
It's impossible.
Instead, what you should see is that the most parsimonious explanation
is that fear and uncertainty and doubt was used to create an illusion that led to the murder of thousands of Americans.
And they did it because the overclass does this.
They put highly trained acolytes in places of positions of power and influence so that they can do things like the Ukraine sting, so that they can pull things off like what's going on in Israel, so that they can pull things off with like what's happened in Libya.
You have to have a group of highly trained acolytes positioned to control the narrative and make sure that the questions that people ask are questions that don't get them out of the trap.
That's how they keep us believing in all of these things.
You know, like there's an Epstein list and it's gonna be released sometime soon.
These are all the same mechanism of illusion and the same mechanism of governance by lies.
Now a very specific example of it is the way that the pandemic was executed because the pandemic was executed using a known phenomenon, a biological phenomenon that was coming
And they distorted it into something else, very similar to how ancient Indians would use the ability to predict an eclipse to bamboozle their entire nation that this guy and that guy and this king and that whatever are interacting with their god through sacrifice and through enslavement and war and whatever else.
In this case, they took a known phenomenon, an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality, put people on the internet that they had a script, and they lied about what PCR told us, they lied about what it showed us, they lied about what was killing people, and they lied about what was necessary in 2020 and 2021, and it resulted in two years of murder.
A lot of people don't want to admit because a lot of people are responsible for it.
And a couple key points here are that pure oxygen causes acute respiratory distress syndrome and there is a large mountain of evidence that includes textbook chapters about this problem in the intensive care unit.
PCR is done very differently on an academic bench than it's done when it's used as a diagnostic.
And none of these people have ever bothered to teach you that.
And finally, antibiotics are the thing that kind of saved mankind and bring us to the long life that we now have.
Any time that you've needed antibiotics was a possible time where you could have died.
If you ever needed antibiotics for cellulitis or a skin infection, that could have killed you.
You ever needed antibiotics for a stab wound or a puncture wound?
Yeah, that could have killed you.
And so this is all murder and lies, ladies and gentlemen, and it is murder and lies to coerce everyone on every side of the coin to believing that something that happened that did not happen.
a novel virus, a pandemic.
Now, the most important thing to see here is that these people aren't going to go away.
They're now bringing in people off the bench.
The most important thing to see here is that interacting with these people on a medium like X is not going to make progress.
It doesn't matter how clever your tweet is, you can say social media is a multinational military service provided by private military contractors, facilitated by internal employees, i.e.
actors, put in place to curate a limited spectrum of debate that reinforces everything the ruling class once believed.
You don't need to write a substack, you can say it in one sentence what they are doing to us.
and show millions of examples of the kinds of acolytes that are being put in front of us and the organizations that are putting them in front of us.
And it won't matter because these social media platforms are weaponized against us so that it looks like I'm getting my message out.
It sure feels like I'm being snarky.
But if no one sees this and my followers have to go to my page to see this,
What am I really doing other than wasting a lot of time in bed with my coffee?
But it's important for you to see that in five years, I haven't gotten higher than 13,900 followers.
I've been at 13,900 followers on this platform since 2022.
It's not by magic.
It's not by algorithm.
It's by programming.
The same reason why all of these people have so many sub stack followers and so many followers on Twitter that they can monetize it because it is how the illusion is sustained and how the actors are paid.
It is reorienting the powers that be.
Social media is becoming an ever increasingly powerful tool to move voters, to move citizens, and to occupy their brain while real things happen.
You know, like fighting over Elon Musk getting access to all kinds of treasury data while no one on our side has ever been concerned about the loss of, collection of, or assembly of the genetic and medical data of all of our college kids over the last four years.
None of them have been worried about it, even though a lot of big colleges require you to submit your medical records.
And a lot of colleges have been testing students for a few years, which means that they've had a remnant stream that a lot of different people might want to buy.
I'm sure Craig Ventner would have bought
all of Ohio State's testing swabs, or all of University of Illinois's testing swabs, had they been offered to him, because he's said a lot.
They just need genetics.
They need genomes.
As many examples as possible.
Now while I've been making this point, it's not to be underestimated how much of an admission it is that Kevin McKernan has been on podcasts talking to people about how there are only about 800 different variables in the human genome.
There's only about 800 variations or so.
So we don't need to sample that many.
And so this, you know, constant stream of half-truths and overcomplications is just going to keep continuing.
And that's the reason why all these organizations exist, and why all of these people will continue to spin on.
Because this is how the illusion is sustained.
They create the illusion of consensus, and they are creating it now, still, for a select number of people.
What I'm gonna make a few more last-ditch attempts here is to try and show you how if you are following these groups, you are lost.
If you are following the leaders of these groups, you are most assuredly lost.
I'm sure that every one of these groups or many of these groups has members who mean well, members who hope they're doing well, but almost all of these groups have members that know that this group is not doing what I'm doing, not doing what Mark's doing, not doing what Joe's doing, not fighting for what Grace's dad is fighting for.
And so it is important to realize that at the heart of this is somebody like Steve Bannon.
Somebody who brought us Lee Min Yan at the beginning, one of the first people to declare a lab leak and started a war room about it.
He's a former Goldman Sachs employee, just like Aaron Siri is.
This is kind of a joke.
that a former Human Genome Project guy, intellectual property expert, is going against the FDA with the son of the guy who helped define the FDA, with the son of the guy who helped define the FDA, with another intellectual property expert as declared on his own New York Times interview for like the 10th time.
These are just some of the characters that are involved.
But these are characters that I'm able to understand as being involved because I've had such intense personal interaction with them.
And so I feel some obligation to keep saying and making sure that our kids and our college kids, especially as young adults, understand that these adults are not good guys.
If you find yourself on the conservative side of things in a university and you think that some of these people are good guys, you are so sorely mistaken.
Because they could have saved you in 2020 and 2021 and none of them did.
In fact, these people are responsible for holding everyone on
the lab leak narrative while the murder was happening and making sure that nobody usefully questioned the existence and spread of the novel virus that could also spread asymptomatically.
None of them did.
And they are a perfect living example of this phenomenon that Edward Bernays introduced us to in 1924.
They are
manipulating the organized habits and opinions of the masses.
They are organizing the habits and opinions of the masses.
They organized us around the question of a lab leak.
They organized us around the question of a deadly virus or not deadly virus.
Who's it deadly for?
Where did it come from?
How fast is it really spreading?
What did the sickness really mean?
And then they put people on the internet that were holding a script that allowed them to have what appeared to be an incredibly lively debate.
with people arguing with each other.
You know, really, Rand Paul and Tony Fauci are just one example of a very lively debate within a limited spectrum that trapped everybody into thinking, oh, I guess I get it.
Wow.
But these people were especially important in the populist, conservative, Christian side of things.
These people were very important in bringing certain people to the side of what we might call a populist movement.
A populist health freedom movement.
A health freedom movement that used to be anti-vaccine when Brandy was organizing.
It used to be anti-vaccine when Brandy was organizing it, but then became a health freedom movement.
A big top tent.
And that's the limited spectrum of debate that I guess ultimately required Brandy to be killed.
And what these people are covering up is pretty essential to understand.
The anticipated rise in expected deaths was sculpted using murder and sophisticated liars.
that's how they created this myth this was already coming all they had to do was sweep a few peaks together now they could they could have they could have very easily used fraud in in
New York to do this.
They could have taken deaths from 2019 and swept them up into this peak.
They didn't have to kill 25,000 people in five weeks.
And so some part of Jessica Hockett's sort of skepticism of these numbers might be valid.
There may be some fraud here, but there's also murder.
There's absolutely also murder.
There are fraud and murder everywhere here, but there's murder.
You had to kill people
because changing flu deaths to COVID does not kill people, any more people than normal.
You had to stop treating pneumonia like you should.
You had to start giving people acute respiratory distress syndrome with supplementary oxygen.
Otherwise, these numbers wouldn't exist.
And more importantly, these baselines wouldn't exist.
And so if you look carefully at the timeline, you look carefully at the biological phenomenon that's here and then disappears, and you look what these people were doing when the phenomenon was occurring, you can see the dinner theater for what it was, and you can see all the players on our side for who they are.
And so in case, you know, it's not like PBS NewsHour.
I don't have any sponsors.
I'm not going to sell you any supplements.
I don't have any magnesium to sell you.
I don't have any spike protein detox to sell you.
I'm not pushing ivermectin.
I'm asking for coffee money.
I'm asking for sandwich money.
And so if you can help out, it's GigaOMBiological.com.
Thank you very much.
I don't know why I made that so sour.
No one is in front of us by chance.
I just wanted to continue with this little discussion here because I think it's really,
useful to see that in 2013 this guy was already in front of us on CNN and he was already putting this guy in front of us a soon-to-be member of the intellectual dark web almost a child in this picture and yet he is glee gleefully confident as he as he basically I don't know this is like a SAG actor on an acting set
There's no way to explain how this child is so confident confronting this Englishman on this set, other than the fact that he's being paid and elevated and set up because this is the way that we are governed.
Now that might seem a little bit strong from micro TV.
This is beyond the noise episode number 54 recorded on February 17th, but you might think a little bit about, okay, this is February 17th, what 2025.
February 17th, 2025, we have Paul Offit understanding Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
This is actually, without exaggeration, 10 years after Paul Offit was opposite Mary Holland and ran Paul on Democracy Now!
Now, one interpretation of this would be that this is just an unbelievably happy little accident that the same people that were in front of us on a pretty big internet news outlet at the time, were in front of us 10 years ago, are now in front of us today.
Hmm.
I guess it is just a happy little accident.
Let's just listen for a second.
Hi, Vincent.
This is the video version of Paul's column, which he writes over on Substack called Beyond the Noise, Cutting to the Chase on Important Health Topics.
And today I'd like to take a closer look at Paul's column, Understanding RFK Jr.
You know, I thought, Paul, when I saw that title, I said, I don't want to understand anything about him.
I want him to just go away.
but he won't.
So tell us what R.F.K.
Jr.
doesn't believe in that explains a lot of his positions.
So what he holds tightly to is the miasma theory.
And you can read about this in his book, The Real Anthony Fauci, pages 285 to 288, which is titled Miasma vs. Germ Theory.
Now, let me just point out what's happening here.
They are selling Children's Health Defense's book.
They are selling Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's book.
Anybody that's skeptical of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
might be interested in buying this book to find out all the lies that this guy tells.
They have a picture of it right there.
They're showing you what the book looks like so you can find it.
He doesn't have to show that book.
And don't forget, where does Paul make his money now?
He makes money from Substack.
Oh, that's cool.
Let's let this play for a little bit.
The miasma theory though is interesting because the miasma theory is what, well, hold on, I'll just show you.
So I'm going to get to the germ theory in a second, but let me tell you what he believes first.
He believes in miasmas, which are sort of a Greek to loosely mean poisons, and that the reason that people get sick is because they're exposed to these poisons.
In the old days, in like the 1700s in Europe, the belief was that those poisons were rotting organic material that was sitting on the streets, trash that wasn't picked up, and that that would create this sort of bad air, if you will, that people would then
inhale and get sick.
So it wasn't contagious, it was just you were all exposed to this environmental poison.
At risk of sounding in bad taste for Zardoz in the chat, my bid is two minutes.
You have to go lower, otherwise I get the elevator ride.
So he still believes that.
He believes that the environmental poisons are things like pesticides or food dyes, or most prominently, vaccines.
Those are today's miasmata, the things that are causing us harm.
Now, he doesn't, on the other hand, believe in the germ theory, that specific germs cause specific diseases.
And he shows much evidence for that, actually.
By the way, the germ theory is not theoretical.
It's real, starting with Robert Koch in the 1800s.
Now, I want you to see this for the hamster wheel that it is, because this is Paul Offit.
the 10-year nemesis of Mary Holland and this health freedom movement that RFK is also supposedly involved in, selling their book, talking about the miasma theory versus germ theory, which is kind of terrain versus germ theory, which is really, miasma is really what also Kevin McCarran brought up with Mark Bailey in 2022.
It's the exact same discussion that the no virus people want to have.
Now we're having it with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
Children's Health Defense book has documented it and he's willing to sell it on screen.
It's proving that the bacillus anthracis caused anthrax.
Pasteurization proved that if you killed bacteria, you wouldn't have spoilage of wine or beer.
So this is not theoretical.
It's proven.
Specific viruses and bacteria.
And so now, of course, he's gonna go on to debunk everything about Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
He's also gonna talk about measles.
So I'd like to let it play a little bit.
I don't want to play the whole video, but I'm going to let it go a little longer just to make sure I don't miss anything too good.
Bacteria, for example, cause specific diseases, and if you can treat them or prevent them, you can live longer.
Those are life-saving things.
And in fact, we lived 40 years longer than we did in the late 1800s.
So evidence that he doesn't believe in the germ theory is several fold.
First of all, when he went to Samoa in like around 1918, I'm sorry, 2018, 2019, it was right at the beginning of an outbreak of measles.
Here you'd had immunization rates that dropped from 70% to 30%.
There was the beginning of an outbreak that
I would like to address somebody that's in the chat of YouTube.
It's Ryan Ambrose.
He's suggesting that there are thousands of virologists all around the world that are working on virology, so they must all be lying.
And that's absolutely incorrect.
As long as I was a neurobiologist, I was using viruses to do things.
We used lentivirus to trace neuronal pathways in the brain.
As an anatomist, I also worked with one of the best anatomists in neurobiology in Norway, and he is regularly using a rabies virus preparation supposedly to go retrograde from the axon terminal back to
back to the cell body.
And so it is exceedingly important to understand that every virus story, every biological phenomenon that falls under the rubric virus, needs to be addressed independently at this time.
Now, it could be very well that in the end all these no-virus people are right and there's not a single one of these stories that's correct.
But as Ryan Ambrose is suggesting, I think it's very unlikely that we have books that go all the way back to the early 80s where people are doing these molecular preparations and seeing these signals that all of these people are lying.
They see a signal here.
and signals are found, signals are measured, there are sequences that are identified and reproduced.
But the point is, is that most virology that's done in a lab is done by taking those sequences that someone else published and using synthetic biology
to generate a pure quantity of that sequence that could never be found and does not exist in nature as far as we can confirm.
And we're talking about orders of magnitude of purity.
It would be very similar to saying that there's no difference between what happens when you eat teaspoons of pure granulated sugar and when you get some
occasionally find a flower whose little petals are sweet.
And that those two are equivalent to one another and that anything that you can do with a infinite quantity of granulated purified sugar to an animal is the same thing that happens when an animal is interacting with the sugar that's in the world.
But this is on a much more malevolent scale because all of these molecular signals, especially those associated with RNA viruses, are always proxies.
And that's the danger here.
There could very well be, and I'm not willing to go out on a limb here and just say that it's all fake because there's a lot of work to be done before I can say that.
But what I can tell you is that my gut feeling tells me that we are right about RNA viruses.
RNA viruses are an illusion, an exaggeration, a signal that has been grossly overblown.
We understand very, very little about how respiratory disease works.
And we've told lots of stories about how we understand it all.
Now, if there are DNA viruses, if there are DNA-based signals here that are more stable and capable of transmission, I don't know.
We should do that work.
But right now, we are being told that RNA is capable of doing something, behaving as a pattern integrity, and I am absolutely sure, and I would stand in front of a train knowing that it's true, that these are lies.
And virology that is done with RNA viruses is exclusively done with infectious clones.
Those are pure DNA constructs that are transfected into cell culture as a starting point.
And this in no way, shape, or form recapitulates whatever signal they are purporting to study, that they purport to have found in nature.
It's the truth.
A lot of biologists don't understand the very stuff that they are doing.
It's true.
ultimately caused 5,600 people to get measles and 83 to die, mostly children less than four years of age.
So he didn't believe the virus caused it because he doesn't believe in the germ theory.
So he wrote a letter to the prime minister at Samoa and said, this isn't caused by measles.
It's caused by the measles vaccine because that to him was the miasma.
The miasma was the measles vaccine.
That's what was causing it.
Similarly, with regard to the Spanish flu pandemic in 1918, he said that wasn't caused by a virus.
You guys should check it out.
There's some really good people in the YouTube chat now.
There's a person named Sub Rosa.
Some of the best posts I've seen in a while.
It's pretty funny.
Anyway, that's just how this works.
Let me see if this little button will work here just to get the Twitch up.
Oh, I can.
Look at that.
There it is.
Cool.
And if anybody is on PeerTube.
No, I don't think anybody's there.
Anyway, it's important because there's a better message than what this is, right?
We knew that this measles thing was going to go on.
There's a couple threads to pull on the measles thing.
The first is that the measles vaccine is supposedly an attenuated
excuse me, an attenuated virus that can transmit.
So if you believe in viruses and you believe that that is occurring, then this is one of those vaccines that could, in theory, result in people having measles.
And certainly showing symptoms of measles is something that's listed in the paperwork as possible.
The next thing to realize is that people who are already having toxic levels of vitamin A, if they were to get something like measles or being told that they have measles, and it has anything to do with vitamin A being toxic, then giving them vitamin A
as the recommended treatment for measles could actually push a lot of these people into severe toxicity.
Now, I don't know anything about vitamin A, but what I do know is that a guy by the name of Josh Getzko, who was a member of Panda, came on my stream three years ago, maybe even four years ago, and
wasted an hour of my time explaining to me how vitamin A is actually a poison that our liver detoxes for us and that we don't need to take any vitamin A at all and actually enriching things in vitamin A is actually poisoning everybody.
And the more I read about it and the more I studied it, the more it made sense.
We don't need to fortify milk with vitamin A. Why do we do that?
Especially when our liver is full of it.
And so this became an interesting question to me because this could be the way that measles outbreaks could be orchestrated.
It could be one of the ways that you get people to the stage where they could die from measles in modern times, simply by treating somebody who's already got toxic levels of vitamin A in their body with vitamin A as an overdose.
you know, like too much.
Anyway, that's one thread to pull on measles.
I'm not saying I know what's going on, I'm not saying, but I do know that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
was lined up to be in the middle of a measles debate
like over and over over the last decade.
Ever since this started, remember Mary Holland and Paul Offit were arguing about the MMR vaccine.
Not about all vaccines like Brandy Vaughn would have been in 2015, but just the MMR vaccine.
And Mary specifically said that it is an untested component of it that injured her child.
Not that dissimilar from what Andrew Wakefield and Polly have been pushing in the UK for at least 10 years before this.
Now, let's see where we go after this slide here.
So this is a very limited spectrum of debate.
I got to probably escape out of here and start the slide again.
It's a very limited spectrum of debate that is being curated by these people.
And the way that you can see it is that Brandy Vaughn said that there is no safe vaccine and Polly said there is no safe vaccine before the pandemic.
And all of these people just ignored that.
and continued to say MMR and continued to say adjuvants and continued to say MMR and autism.
We even had a video the other day where, you know, Polly says that before the pandemic.
And so where we are is very frightening, right?
Because these guys,
who McCairn said were the bad guys in 2020.
And then in 2022, they got on stream and argued about what?
Miasma and the germ theory.
Not about PCR because they could have talked about that and then solve the problem.
They had to talk about viruses only, isolation, purification, and culturing.
That's it, nothing else.
Can't talk about how PCR is a fraud.
Can't talk about murder.
or that supplementary oxygen can cause ARDS, he's a doctor.
He could have debunked the whole thing by saying there is no virus and I know how they killed people in America.
He could have said the same thing.
He's an American.
She could have said, well, she probably didn't know, but she's a Canadian.
I hope you can see how scary malevolent this is because it's all an illusion of consensus.
That's the reason why these five people got together to discuss me.
At this particular time in 2022, not to discuss Jessica Rose or Meryl Ness or Mary Holland or Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
or any Robert Malone, God forbid.
No, no, they got together to slander me for an hour.
Now that should stick out like a sore thumb because, again, it shouldn't really make any sense why these people didn't get together any time in the last five years to talk about how this surfer girl from Israel is misrepresenting her vast experience as post-secondary degrees when really, if you look at her track record, she just did a lot of post-docs.
Any of these people could have called her out in the last five years and they chose to get together and do a video about me, some guy in his garage in Pittsburgh with less than 3,000 followers with no sub stack.
with no show on CHD, who's not a fellow of the Brownstone Institute or a fellow, senior fellow of FLCCC.
No, they ignore Robert Malone and Meryl Nass and Jessica Rose and Pierre Kory completely.
And that's because this is all an elaborate operation.
They are part of the same malevolent chorus.
They just are performing a different harmony of it.
That's it.
That's how you see it.
And once you see it, you can see it so clearly, it's kind of frightening.
Are you going to do the CD and tape analogy?
Because that really, really hit home for me.
It's even possible that Jessica Rose at this time did not know how
much of a tool she was being used as to exclusively focus on VAERS.
That's why in that video, if you want to hear it, you can hear Jessica Rose say it kept her up at night.
It explains everything.
She now understands why everybody could be right but not right.
She understands how the illusion could be created.
She understands the significance of clones.
And then for the next three years, this woman will never mention me again.
She will continue to rise in prominence.
She will continue to take money from all these organizations.
She will continue to do a show for CHD and never, ever, ever mentioned the revelation that was Infectious Clones again.
It's almost like you can see Kevin McKernan in his room during that stream going, oh God, shut up, Jessica, shut up, Jessica, stop talking, Jessica.
And then she interrupts in the middle and says, hey, can you do that mixtape thing?
Because that's really cool too.
And she never explained it again.
If this is the reason why everybody was wrong but right, if this explains everything, if this is what she thinks happened,
then how can we explain that that would not be part of her presentation every time she's on a podcast?
Why is she scheduled next week to go and speak about VAERS in front of NCI again?
Because it's an operation, it's a limited spectrum of debate curated by these actors on X, these actors on Telegram, these actors on Facebook, these actors on YouTube.
It's all the same nonsense.
That's why she's just been on The Healthy American.
or truth, if you have been on the lines of defending truth and freedom for the last several years, then you know about Christine Massey.
She is the author of a very popular substack and Christine- A very popular substack, go figure.
That's like Jessica Rose, a very popular substack writer.
I guess they don't attack each other.
The Healthy American also has a really popular Substack.
I guess they just don't attack each other.
They just kind of cross promote one another.
Who owns Substack?
Who owns Stripe?
Who owns X?
Gene, I just want to thank you for joining me today.
She'll be my guest on Saturday at our private webinar.
On Saturday at our private webinar?
And what's she going to talk about?
Is she somebody who's going to say that intramuscular injection is dumb?
Is she somebody who's going to use the word transfection?
Is she going to tell you that RNA cannot pandemic?
Or is she going to say there's no cooties?
Oh, welcome on board to the healthy American show.
Thank you so much, Peggy.
I'm a big fan of yours.
I, I, I, I don't have time to read every single thing, but I check out all your articles quickly and I really appreciate what you're doing.
I think you're awesome.
Well, thank you so much, Christine.
What I love about these last few years is the powers that shouldn't be, the tyrants and the oppressors that tried to keep us down and steal our freedom, our health, our joy.
It kind of boomeranged because we ended up meeting, I can speak for myself, I have met so many amazing people.
This is bullshit, and I'm gonna tell you why it's bullshit, because I am not stronger without my parents.
I'm not stronger without my brother.
I'm not stronger without Nathan.
I'm not stronger without Annie, or without Case, or without Femke.
These people have stolen living and dead people from us.
They've separated us from our neighbors.
So we met a couple people on the internet, you know, like Jessica Hockett says that she would be so surprised if Jonathan Engler was bad because she's known him for like a year.
No, I lost somebody that I knew for 20 years.
My wife lost her father-in-law and her sister.
One of my good friends is gone and her family doesn't have a mom anymore.
So this pseudo-optimism about all the good friends that we made during COVID, this is bullshit, ladies and gentlemen.
This is gigantic, battleship-size bullshit.
And now what I want you to see with this person is what did she rise in prominence for?
What's she famous for in Canada?
She's famous for opposing fluoride, which is what?
It's ingested.
She never really campaigned against the injection of anything.
And that's a weird thing for somebody to not really understand.
If you can oppose putting fluoride in the water, then I guess you must understand that injecting shit at age zero is pretty bad, right, or not?
Apparently not.
And now you can see the pattern.
Christine Massey's never gonna tell you about Brandy Vaughn and the ultimate in toxic exposures.
people over the years.
I have grown in my knowledge about our rights, about health, about how the government works and how, how it shouldn't be doing certain things.
So, whereas the evildoers tried to keep us down, in many ways, it actually propelled us forward.
And I know you're coming on today, you're not, you're not feeling a hundred percent, no friends, she doesn't have cooties, because her whole work has been about exposing
the cooties hogwash.
You know that I've got my own language here to outwit the nitwits.
We're going to speak freely in an uncensored manner in the private webinar, which is going to be this Saturday for all of my financial supporters.
If you think you should have been invited, please email support at thehealthyamerican.org.
We'll get you squared away, but enough of all that.
Can we just be very clear?
The Healthy American is on YouTube and doesn't have any problem with strikes and has 100,000 followers.
If you really think that somebody who's fighting for us has risen to that level of prominence despite giving the right message, you are sorely mistaken.
No way, there's no way, no way, no way.
She has been given a script, she knows exactly what she has to oppose, she knows exactly what she can say and what she can't say, and that's why she's never going to usefully question things.
She's gonna use this person to usefully question things.
Having her on is, this is all an admission.
And her having this many followers on YouTube and having no strikes, no problems at all, go back to the beginning of her YouTube channel and see her before she has glasses on and see what she's talking about.
Do the research, do the real exercise that's necessary and go back to 2020 for Peggy Hall and then get back to me.
that let's dive right in Christine, tell us a little bit about yourself and your background kind of leading up to 2020 and then what happened.
and how did you know what was going on?
Okay, so my background, it's not terribly interesting.
I'm a pretty run-of-the-mill lady.
And I'm in Ontario, which is one of the provinces of Canada.
And I guess the two probably most notable or relevant things would be that one, for about 10 years before COVID,
I just call it the hogwash began, I was almost obsessed to be honest with the topic of water fluoridation.
So I was really heavily opposed to that and had very very involved in that.
So, and then the other thing was in terms of professionally, I had worked as a statistician.
Brandy was in California.
So why doesn't she, why isn't Peggy Hall never told us about Brandy Vaughn and what Brandy Vaughn was doing for us?
With cancer researchers.
So it wasn't directly relevant, but it was, it did require me to pay close attention to details and be very logical, that sort of thing.
It's kind of funny, because looking back, I did work on two so-called HPV studies, and that was very interesting to find.
So she worked at a cancer statistician thing, and then she worked on two HPV studies, so presumably she knows the HPV vaccine is pretty nasty, or she knows that, what, HPV doesn't exist?
This is a person who says there are no viruses.
This is a person who the no virus people promote like Tom Cowan and Andrew Kaufman.
Now listen to the imprecision that's going on here.
This is a person who worked in virology and cancer before the pandemic.
She's not nobody.
She doesn't have a nothing track record like working on dead mice like I do under a microscope.
She has a track record of collecting and processing data that includes the HPV vaccine.
So it's interesting that she opposed fluoride and not vaccines, right?
But of course, I'm sure this is all just a series of happy little accidents.
We can talk about that on Saturday.
Yeah, so the fact that I had the background opposing water fluoridation, I'd already had a lot of interaction with the public health so-called community where I live.
And through those years,
became very aware that you cannot just take whatever the medical officers are saying at face value.
They have a lot of double standards.
They have an agenda.
Yes, I'm definitely talking about Christine Massey.
She's featured in my intro slides.
She does all kinds of stuff with Andrew Kaufman and Tom Cowan, who I am certain are working against the grandchildren of America.
So she could just be an innocent from Canada who goes along like a lot of these other Canadians that go along and are used by the military industrial state of America to do this.
And I know there are a lot of Canadians involved, and many of them might not know any better, might just think that this is how it works.
Unfortunately, then they're unwittingly participating and it's possible that she's unwittingly participating.
But for my personal experience, she is the author of all of the emails that accuse me of unprofessional conduct that were sent to Mary Holland and that Mary Holland used to reprimand me and eventually build a record that they could fire me with.
So I don't know, maybe she just did it because she was told to do it, but she wasted a lot of time writing letters about me to Mary Holland and not about Meryl Nass or about Jessica Rose, who's also a Canadian, but about me, which is, it's strange.
I find it a really funny, happy little accident.
And that's what I saw with COVID.
It was very much, okay, there's an agenda, everybody's on board.
And so she's being promoted like... We have to remember a Cochrane Review that came out a few years ago.
She's being promoted new off the bench just like this guy was brought in about a half a year ago.
He can't even say Cochrane Review.
And remember that the Cochrane Reviews are one of the people that writes that and works with that company is of course the World Council for Health lady.
So here he is.
Masks literally do nothing in stopping the transmission of SARS-CoV-2.
And we also have to remember what's inside of these masks.
There's all sorts of toxic heavy metals they found.
This was a recent study on PFAS and all of these volatile organic compounds that are toxic.
You breathe it directly in.
It's right against your face.
And so, yeah.
Tom, sorry, but Andrew Kaufman has already been on the VSRF podcast with Steve Kirsch, which is a direct admission that he's cooperating with them.
And Andrew Kaufman, even if he was on message in 2020, he got off message very quickly by the end of 2020.
And Andrew Kaufman is an MD who's never said murder and never explained that supplementary oxygen can lead to acute respiratory distress syndrome and that there are textbook chapters about that.
And any MD that's not saying that about the murder in America is part of this, wittingly or unwittingly.
You must start with the truth, and that is the truth.
We can't go back to masking.
Didn't work, was a complete failure.
If there is anything funny about that, what would it be?
That that's a recent video.
where he's talking about whether masks worked or not.
And now you can see why I characterize it as a hamster wheel, because the same shit-covered rungs of the wheel come back around after a couple years.
The same crappy discussions come back around.
And no matter how long we run in this wheel, we don't seem to realize that that's our own poop coming back over our heads.
as we interact with these people running in the wheel while they encourage us to keep running.
There is some new work out this week that is suggesting- This is also 2025.
And what Robert Malone, who was one of the creators of the mRNA platform, has said is this is precisely one of the reasons that they called them vaccines rather than gene therapy.
Because if they'd called it gene therapy, they would have been required to test before bringing to market these products to make sure that they didn't shed
And so now the idea is, is that Heather is supposed to be saying that Robert Malone told us the truth, when in fact he didn't.
Robert Malone is the guy who helped orchestrate the narrative, helped curate the language, so that they would never call it transfection.
Because if you call it transfection, the novel intellectual property vanishes.
Now calling it gene therapy might've opened it up to some regulatory problems, that's possible, but all those regulatory problems would be avoided very easily under the emergency declared in the PrEP Act.
So this is absolutely 100% bullshit with regard to how they were rolled out, why they were rolled out, whatever she said.
It's nonsense.
I'm going to play it back to make sure that you hear how bad it is.
On to people who had never been has said is this is precisely one of the reasons that they called them vaccines rather than gene therapy, because if they'd called it gene therapy, they would have been required to test before bringing to market these products to make sure that they didn't shed onto people who
Now that's an amazing level of lying because they are absolutely positively wrong and there's a video from three years ago where Heather herself says they should have been called transfection and J.J.
Cooey insists and he's right.
And the reason why they should have been called transfection is because they are an existing methodology that existed before the pandemic that every academic biologist that was doing anything with mice or rats was probably using in some form or another.
And so if they would have just said that we're gonna transfect our old people to save them from COVID, a lot of these academic biologists would have been like, wow, I hope it's better than what I use.
And so this is absolutely lying with a person that they are artificially elevating.
And look where she also finds herself in the almost exactly the same week.
She finds herself on Piers Morgan.
On Piers Morgan.
with a bunch of other people that agree that Bret Weinstein is either smart, in her case, or an idiot, in his case.
But this guy right here in the middle regularly does programs about how Bret Weinstein and the Intellectual Dark Web are so fake.
And this lady is now being promoted by the Intellectual Dark Web as a rising star in podcasting, and Rumble's even given her a set
And remember that the Weinsteins are the part of the traveling crew of Team Worst Case Scenario that's been coordinating and orchestrating and curating the narrative from the beginning.
And that's why Brett had woodshop glasses and a bandana for the first year and a half and why Joe Rogan laughed at him the first time he was on his show about it.
Again, when SARS-CoV-2 shows up covered in spike proteins, your body doesn't notice that it's got the SARS-CoV-2 part that's not the spike protein, does it?
Now, the important thing to understand is that somebody like her, somebody like this guy right here, they are all members of the Screen Actors Guild.
Go figure as to why they would be members of such a union, but they are.
And a lot of the hosts of this guy's show are also members of SAG-ACTA, or whatever it's called.
They are auditioning for new roles, and they want to progress through this little ladder of media, new media.
That's what's happening here.
And this guy used to work at the same place that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
did.
So much, so much metadata out there that it's almost impossible not to see.
Now this is the same show.
The minority report is with Sam Cedar.
Sam Cedar is the guy that I showed you in the previous slide that was on with Julian Michaels on Pierce Morgan.
This is his other co-host.
She said just less than three days ago in the beginning of the show that she's a member of SAG-ACTA.
whatever that is, the Screen Actors Guild, because she was talking about other unions and she thought she'd throw out there that she's a member of a union too.
Not even realizing that that is an admission that she's not a journalist.
Journalists are not members of SAG-ACTA or whatever the hell that, it's just not.
Listen to how she portrays the measles outbreak.
Listen to how they portray our friend Paul Offit and our friend Callie Means on CNN.
Listen carefully because it's going to shock you.
Worse.
And it's spreading into New Mexico.
And in this area of Texas, there is a very low vaccination rate.
This is the result of increased anti-vaccine sentiment that is at a fever pitch right now and has been since the pandemic, creating a political movement strong enough that it is now kind of incorporated into MAGA.
A political movement that has been incorporated into MAGA.
She is describing exactly what Polly Tommy described she had done in the UK in the late 90s.
There's video.
Polly Tommy swung a bunch of voters and helped get a UK Prime Minister elected so successful that she was actually seen and photographed at the front door of number 10.
She had over 90 billboards in the UK about autism before Brandy Vaughan was ever doing it, before Vaxxed was ever even a thought in somebody's mind.
Understand that, okay?
Understand that.
Because it's gonna become much more important in the coming minutes, okay?
As a part of MAGA and RFK Jr.
is Health and Human Services Secretary, as insane as that sentence is to say out loud, and I surprise myself as I say it out loud, and how much it freaks me out, that's the case.
So Pamela Brown had one of the
RFK Jr.'
's advisors on to talk about what's happening right now in Texas with this measles outbreak.
And right now, the CDC just paused a meeting that they were supposed to have on the issue of vaccines, just delaying it indefinitely under RFK's leadership as Health and Human Services Secretary.
They have stopped advertising for folks to get the flu vaccine as we're in the middle of one of the worst flu seasons.
it's a mess and there's also a bird flu right now that has the capacity potentially to cross over to humans and elon musk's doge cut all those people then realized what they had done because they just basically clicked ctrl all or ctrl f in a document and then press delete
and then realize, oh, these are the folks working on the bird flu that's making the egg prices go up, which Donald Trump said he wanted to bring down.
OK, can we hire you guys back, please?
Civil servants, can you please come back?
It's a disaster and we're going to get four years of this.
Here's one of RFK Jr.'
's advisors talking about this measles outbreak.
And just be clear, these are two separate issues.
There's vaccines, which are proven safe and effective, and we're gonna talk more about that.
But then there's the issue of chronic disease caused by, you know, the food that we're consuming, processed food and all of that, which as you both agree on, that needs to be dealt with, that needs to be a priority, of course, which is why in many ways, RFK Jr.
has gained so much popularity among many Americans on that issue.
But I wanna go to you, Callie, to respond.
And also, you know, with this measles threat,
Is it now a time to promote vaccines?
Which again, the CDC says safe, effective two doses are 90% effective against measles.
Is it now a time to promote that, especially among children who are being impacted by measles in places like Texas and in these six states who are unvaccinated according to health officials?
Pamela, with respect, why aren't you asking me about the fact that 50% of teens have obesity?
Why aren't there?
I have other questions for you, but we're talking about this.
Day after day after day, Pamela.
It's breathless.
It's breathless coverage of five measles cases.
You sound breathless.
Why aren't we asking why 16% of COVID deaths worldwide were Americans when we're only 4% of the world population?
Because the CDC says- Pause it.
Oh my God.
You know why?
Because of cranks like you.
because of cranks like you saying that the vaccine wasn't safe and effective.
Then when we know it was a safe and effective at reducing transmission and severity, and then there were obviously variants and we've had updated versions of that M.R.
and M.R.
and a vaccine that have still protected people.
And by the way, these were the vaccines greenlit by Donald Trump, the president who you now apparently serve.
with Operation Warp Speed, which was actually very successful, but the left would have done it differently.
We wouldn't have just given billions and billions of dollars to Big Pharma.
We would have said, okay, we'll subsidize you to research it, but we own it after.
Now, I want you to hear this because this is what the other side thinks, which you will never see if you just scroll on your feed.
If you just follow the people that you follow, you're never going to see how bad it is over there.
where the worst kind of brainwashing and how the mystery of the novel virus has really entrenched itself in people's minds and what happened and what mistakes were made.
She's sure, she is really sure and she's pissed because of course we believe in myths and she believes in the truth.
And it's scary how sure she is, or is she just an actor?
Or is she just an actor?
I hate these people so much.
The death in this country preceded the vaccine because our ultimate priority was not public safety.
The death in the country preceded the vaccine because a known and anticipated rise in all-cause mortality that was visible in the population pyramid was coming to maturity.
It's so easy once you see it.
and all sides are given a script or held on a script or made sure that they're staying on a script that never acknowledges that there was a known anticipated rise in all cause mortality coming.
We expected more people to die over these five or 10 years.
safety but getting people back to work so they can serve the type of people that give these people money to go spew their goddamn bullshit on cnn how disgusting talking about obesity and kids that's because of our food system you idiot like that's
Yeah, agreed.
You want to reform that?
But then what is the lazy whataboutism?
She, Pamela... No, I don't need to listen to this anymore.
You don't either.
But you can see, right, the struggle inside of this limited spectrum of debate.
It's really vigorous.
It's lively.
It's emotional.
And it's fake.
And listen to how easy it can be flipped around the other way.
And listen to how distorted it can be the other way.
Hi, everyone.
Dr. Sunil Dand, medical doctor.
Welcome to another video.
So this isn't an American.
This is a foreigner.
And what's he going to say?
also from the same day.
I'm going to share with you in this video an absolutely epic takedown that was screened live on cable TV on CNN of all channels.
And I don't believe that an exchange like this would have even been possible a year ago.
We are witnessing an absolutely colossal situation, shifting tectonic plates, and it is for the good that these discussions can happen.
So in the discussion, Kayleigh Means is debating Dr. Paul Offit.
Now, Kayleigh Means has become a very prominent health and well-being campaigner over the last year.
He is absolutely excellent.
And the points that he is excellent, and he came out of nowhere, whether it's with his sister to go right on
right on in front of the Senate and right on Tucker Carlson and nobody questioned him and nobody cared and he only wants to talk about food and additives and colored dyes and Froot Loops.
he consistently raises.
I'm actually more familiar with his sister, Casey Means, who I've communicated with a few times online.
Of course!
She is also excellent.
She is a doctor who is very much focused on metabolic health and fixing the root causes of our metabolic health catastrophe.
The same can't be said- And I guarantee you that this guy doesn't see vaccines as a root cause of anything.
however, for establishment physicians like Dr. Paul Offit.
He is just about as establishment as they get.
He is loaded up with conflicts of interest.
He has made a lot of money indeed over the years from injections.
And he is exactly the type of doctor that gets a seat at the table.
I think he is an absolutely ghastly individual.
I have absolutely no respect for him whatsoever.
He is typical of the mindset of the doctors which have managed to lead healthcare for far too long.
He is all about medicines, injections, never wanting to think about true root causes and real health and well-being, especially in children.
In fact, he was once quoted, and I kid you not, as saying that children can theoretically have up to 10,000 shots at once.
Here is what he once stated.
Current research shows that young infants are fully capable of generating protective immune responses to multiple shots given simultaneously.
Our analysis shows that infants have the theoretical capacity to respond to about 10,000 vaccines at once.
Oh my goodness me.
I'm absolutely speechless.
What a thing to say.
So here he is debating Kaley means on CNN.
This is absolutely epic.
And I would like you to tell me what you think down below after the clip.
In the meantime, I wish you all a fantastic weekend.
Do check out the links in the description down below for my website, the other work I do and my online store.
Take care everyone and remember my online store is
absolutely superb.
And I don't think it would have happened a year ago.
These people having the truth shoved in their face online.
I think you're right.
I think he's probably an unwitting participant.
It's it's hard to see it all unless you've been in the room with all these people and tried to teach them something.
No, it's the public health leaders themselves.
It's people defending with the record that's happening to health at HHS why cuts are bad.
Of course we should make cuts.
Of course the personnel should be changed.
What's causing distrust in public health authorities is conflict of interest, like Dr. Offit taking millions of dollars from pharmaceutical makers like Merck while approving and recommending pharmaceuticals on ACIP committees.
It's the fact that Dr. Offit's saying that science is always settled
when he himself has approved vaccines that have been recalled for causing organ failure for kids.
And it's the fact that Dr. Offit is talking about measles, which is important.
And I want to be clear, Pamela, I don't want to get this out.
It's important.
But there were 300 deaths from measles a year before the invention of vaccine.
We have 38% of children right now having prediabetes.
Bobby is focused on that.
He's focused on reorganizing the department.
And that's what we should be talking about, not this distraction.
And so of course that's where that guy cuts it, right?
And so it seems like Callie's a really good guy and he's saying something, but he's really not when you realize that all of these people have known about Brandy Vaughn's message since she was giving it in 2015, when all of these people, not Callie, he's just brought on last year, but when Paul Offit first had to go on TV, he was brought on television because they had to make the movie vaxxed
and get in front of Brandy.
It's the only way that I can explain all of these people's behavior.
They had to have these people in place.
They were going to be in place to help us solve the Scooby-Doo mystery of the lab leak gain-of-function virus.
But can you imagine in 2020 how difficult that was going to be if Brandy Vaughn was still alive and a leader?
Somebody that we had to contend with?
What would Brandy Vaughn have said in 2021 if she figured out by meeting me that there was a bunch of murder going on?
Brandy Vaughn might have told me that, you know what, all of this is dumb.
And I might've gotten here much faster.
There might've been a different kind of movement had Brandy not disappeared.
And instead, Brandy disappearing got everybody in line.
Because it left RFK promoting Judy Mikovits.
It left Mary Holland promoting Polly.
and Andrew Wakefield and all of these people all knew about Brandy for years before the pandemic.
So everybody's got a timeline.
My timeline is the transfection was in 2020 when I figured that out.
Not till 2022 did I realize that vaccines were dumb and that clones were the way they faked RNA biology.
But I didn't get to being able to have the courage or the wherewithal to say that all intramuscular injection is dumb until really last year, as far as I can tell.
I was probably thinking it before that, but I didn't have the guts to say it.
And so everybody's got a timeline.
And I think there's a lot of work to be done on those timelines.
One of the interesting points on everybody's timeline here is that Brandy was alive in 2019 and all of these people knew her and were around her and heard her and had wine with her and talked with her.
And so they know they've had the same discussions with Brandy that they've had with me.
and they ignore.
So what do we, what do we think of this?
What does this mean?
That this billboard was put up at the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco, I think.
Where a million people a day would see it.
San Francisco Bay Bridge.
in April 2016, one month after the formation of ICANN, and one month after the release of Vaxxed.
Now that in and of itself is not that big of a deal, but I will leave a green... Okay, so I have a vision for reducing the rates of autism.
So he has a vision for reducing the rates of autism.
And this is about a year later, right?
This is January 17.
And her billboard was here on the green line.
This is the guy who in 2016 published a book with Skyhorse Publishing.
I think it was with Skyhorse.
Skyhorse Publishing, where the environmental and genetic causes of autism are apparently discussed.
Now, in the beginning of this book, there are some recommendations provided by somebody by the name of Stephanie Seneff, and then the other people I don't know.
But Stephanie Seneff writes a foreword here.
That's interesting already, I think, an interesting admission.
On the back is
Nope, none of those guys.
I don't know them.
So this book was written in 2016.
And so this is in 2017.
This is him, I guess, going to explain his strategy for the reducing of autism in America.
Dramatically.
The very first thing that we need to do is to understand that in addition to autism, blame is not the same as liability.
We can't just continuously point our finger at parents for maybe contributing genetic variation that might increase the risk and say it's the parent's fault.
We can't continuously just point to any specific body of toxin and say, oh, it's just the vaccines, or it's just environmental toxins in our food, or it's just glyphosate.
We can't do that.
What we have to do is take a whole big picture approach to this.
and realize that there are people in our population who are at such high risk of autism that it's almost a mathematical certainty that they will regress into autism or they will be born with autism.
We, you know, we shouldn't spin science.
We shouldn't try to make people think autism is genetic.
We shouldn't try to make people think that autism is natal, that, you know, people are, something you're born with.
What we should do is try to understand it.
to really bend the curve down in the rates of autism.
We need to find those people who are at highest risk and keep them out of harm's way.
Find those people that are highest risk and keep them out of harm's way.
So he's saying that there's a genetic component, but he doesn't want to blame a genetic component.
He's saying that there might be an environmental component, but he doesn't want to blame that either.
He doesn't want to come up with an explanation.
He wants to cut the sausage into a million individual slices.
He's describing a research line that will go on forever.
and never answer any questions at all, under the assumption that we've got to identify the vulnerable population.
That there are certain people who are just predestined to be autistic.
Oh my gosh, is this malevolent.
As a neurobiologist, this is so gross, it makes me want to vomit.
And this is January 5th, 2017.
This is not by chance that CHD, every year that they have a stage, they put him on it.
This guy's in that picture in 2019, three people down from Brandy Vaughn.
This is an emergency situation where right now there's babies being born today who the parents are filled with hope for the future, hope for what their first day of school is going to look like.
They have visions of what their marriage is going to look like and what their grandchildren is going to look like.
And because there are no risk biomarkers,
There's no study being done right now that says how do we predict and therefore prevent and protect families or individuals and families.
He's discussing personalized medicine is no different.
He's discussing the using of screening to create a personalized medicine.
He is a transhumanist traitor.
He is a plant.
He's a liar.
I'm certain.
What about this guy?
He's already kind of acting, isn't he?
And he's advocating for RFK to be part of the first Trump administration.
He's answering a question about that.
Now, wouldn't it be interesting if this was a pediatrician that didn't say that vaccines are bad, but was advocating for an altered schedule so that, you know, vaccines do something, but we should just use them differently.
Wouldn't that be really weird and very much different than what Brandy Vaughn was saying while she was still alive at this time?
Let's hear it.
folks, think about it.
Hi, Anne.
So you're asking me about the book that I've just written, The Vaccine-Friendly Plan, and the fact that there is a schedule, I would call it a selective vaccine schedule that's in that book.
And you're wondering why won't health officials or other doctors endorse that plan or try it?
Here's the problem.
As a physician,
school and a very close friend in medical school today, and they tell me the vaccine issue is just, they're safe, don't listen to the anti-vaxxers out there, and of course anybody who questions the CDC or questions the science is categorically labeled anti-vaccine.
So he is again walking this fine line where he doesn't really speak out against vaccine, is trying to say maybe giving them a little later would be okay.
It is the wishy-washy sort of dilution of the truth.
The truth is in 20 years, we are going to realize that intramuscular injection is dumb.
It's going to be common knowledge.
And we're going to look back at the 20th century and go, holy shit, that's the truth.
And what we are experiencing over the last decade is a very slow titration of that truth to use it against us to enslave our grandchildren.
Because it's very simple.
Intramuscular injection
is dumb and he's an MD.
He should be able to get to that big picture and say, wow, wait a minute.
Brandy says that injecting pharmaceuticals bypasses all of our normal defense systems.
There's no route to the immune system.
There's no detox passing through the liver like ingestion.
Wow, Brandy's got a lot of points, but no, this MD who most assuredly knows who Brandy was because he's associated with all the people who know who Brandy was,
could be brought to understand that fundamental difference if it wasn't for the fact that he was surrounded by people who've probably shielded him from Brandy's language and shield him from my language.
It's 2017, ladies and gentlemen.
This guy's got a book with CHD.
This guy's got a book about not no vaccines, but about later and fewer.
but he won't compare the vaccine schedule in America to any other Western nation and call it criminal.
He's not willing to absolutely fight for the idea that all of the kids that he sees that are unvaccinated are so healthy that I really want to stop it.
He's not that inspired as a pediatrician.
Ladies and gentlemen, if I was a pediatrician and I had examples of unvaccinated kids that were more healthy than any of the vaccinated kids I have, I would die on that.
And he's selling books and not saying it.
He's kind of saying it, but not really saying it like Brandy was saying it.
It's not putting it on billboards.
Oh, if you question the CDC schedule.
So yes, I predicted looking at the exponential growth.
It's very easy to simply plot that on a linear scale on a log linear scale.
And you get a straight line if it is exponential growth.
And in fact, that's exactly what you get with those data.
You can extend that line into the future.
And given that the numbers are for 12-year-olds, then children born in 2032 would be the ones that would show up on the scale at 12 years later, 2044.
And that's where you get the point at which half the children, 80% of the boys born in 2032
will end up on the spectrum, diagnosed on the spectrum.
And this to me is incredibly frightening.
And why?
So I think that probably the most critical component of the epidemic, most critical cause of the epidemic in autism in America is glyphosate, which is the active ingredient in Roundup.
And Roundup is the herbicide that we all love because it's completely non-toxic to humans.
But this is simply not true.
My research has gone deep and wide
And I'm absolutely convinced that Roundup is insidiously, cumulatively toxic.
Now, is Roundup bad?
I'm sure it is.
Is Roundup causing all kinds of problems?
Is Roundup causing the problems that injecting toxins is causing?
I don't think so, because it's ingestion.
There are problems.
Now, don't get me wrong.
She said she thinks that glyphosate is responsible for the autism pandemic, the autism epidemic.
If that's true, then why isn't she out on a street corner telling everybody that they need to stop eating glyphosate?
And why isn't that people don't develop autism over the course of their lives as they accumulate more and more glyphosate?
She's in the Steve Kerr Steering Committee.
She's regularly featured on CHD.
She writes forwards for all their books.
Come on, ladies and gentlemen, wake up and apologize to your kids so that your grandkids are inheriting the truth.
It is causing many, many... Glyphosate could be screwing up our digestive systems for sure, but listen... Well, make no mistake that the other side, without a doubt, do not want the public, the people, the parents to hear the stories of the unvaccinated.
They want us to talk about MMR, autism, Andrew Wakefield.
They want that to go down the same path every single time because they can attack us.
But you cannot attack the generations and generations of the health of the unvaccinated.
Vax2 doesn't even begin to cover the health of the unvaccinated.
We uncovered so much.
We uncovered generations and generations standing there saying,
We've never had any cancer in our family.
And we didn't tell you about it and they're not telling you about it now.
The same reason why this guy who was in this photograph and knows all about the things that she was doing in 2016.
This photograph's from 2019.
This guy knew about the fear and cleavage site and GP40 and all this other shit in the beginning of the pandemic by design.
He was given a script, he was put in place, and now he's being promoted by these people because it's all part of the same really decade plus long show.
The only reason why there's a speed bump is because of Brandy.
This guy, our Health and Human Services Secretary here, in May of 2020 was telling the story of Judy Mikovits, one of the worst traitors to American grandchildren there is.
Because they're all one group of meddlers that's been in photographs with Brandy Vaughn, but never told us about her language, about what she taught, about what she strived to get everybody to learn.
They have obfuscated it, hidden it, and never repeated it.
And when I started saying it, nobody said, wow, you sound like Brandy.
Brandy was there before you.
No, no, no, no, no.
They stood in front of me too.
And they're doing it right now to this day.
Hello everyone, I'm Bella Tommy.
I'm 15 years old and I'm going to be speaking to you about the lack of opportunities for people with autism.
These are my two brothers.
Billy is the boy in the red top and he was diagnosed with severe autism at the age of two.
The other boy in the picture is my younger brother, Toby.
So the older sister is now a model
and the older sister did a campaign about autism in 2011.
So at what point in time does this autism campaign get labeled a failure?
Because in this TED Talk, she's not gonna save any kids from the MMR vaccine, even though apparently her mom and Andrew Wakefield are very sure that the MMR or some component of it is responsible for the autism of their brother.
It's like five years before the movie Vaxxed, ladies and gentlemen.
They used the anti-vaxx health freedom movement and turned it into a fake populist movement that they have played us like a fiddle.
And for a very long time, the same people.
There's no way to explain what happened with Andrew Wakefield and Pauly Tommy except that they were recycled as the same thing they were used for in the UK.
They got brought over to America and used on us in a military fashion over the last decade.
That's the reason why Sky Horse Publishing published this book.
I just realized it last night.
Skyhorse Publishing published this book.
You see what I'm, you see where I'm going with this?
Skyhorse Publishing published this book, Don't Start the Revolution Without Me, A Minnesota Governor's Mansion to Baya Outback Reflections and Revision.
This is by Skyhorse Publishing.
Remember that in this book, the 13th chapter, sorry, it's the 16th chapter.
I thought it was this, no, no.
I thought it was this 13th chapter.
It's not so creepy after all.
It's the 16th chapter.
In this book, he talks about running for president with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
as his vice president.
And a couple months into his tenure as office, he's shot and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
becomes president and saves the United States.
This book, written in 2008, was published by Sky Horse Publishing.
This book, written in 2012, Waging the War on the Autistic Child by Andrew Wakefield, was also published by Sky Horse Publishing.
So it seems that the publishing arm that became
I guess, Children's Health Defense, has been publishing mealy-mouthed books about pandemics and about Vice President Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
for more than, well, I mean, 08 makes it really like almost 20 years ago.
Skyhorse Publishing, of course, also published the Environmental and Genetic Causes of Autism in 2016 when all of those people also knew of Brandy and could have published Brandy's book instead, but didn't.
All of those people, of course, are also responsible for putting out about ten books before they put out this one of Brian Hooker.
where supposedly they finally blow the lid off of the, don't vaccine anybody anymore, but they really never pushed this book.
And this book doesn't have any definitive conclusions or whatever.
I don't know.
And Paul Offit is selling the real Tony Fauci on Twiv.
It's all one big show.
All of these people are actors.
Polly Tommy was an actor before she started to participate in this.
She was a body double.
Everybody's got a timeline.
My timeline is that I was a neurobiologist before the pandemic, that my boss from Norway won the Nobel Prize in 2014.
that should have made me have a career for the rest of my life without trying, but instead I spoke out about this and lost my job, a 20 year career, speaking out about transfection in 2020 to anybody who would listen.
And all of these people listened and all of these people said nothing.
That culminated in me getting listed in this book as some kind of expert that no one listens to anymore, apparently.
Everybody's got a timeline, ladies and gentlemen.
We can go through everybody's timeline and find all the important parts.
Last show was about these people that came in 2023 after it was all over and then worked with me for like a year and a half only to publish two articles over that year and a half about viruses that essentially confirm everything that the limited spectrum of debate was supposed to confirm while ignoring me.
Now, it's not about me, but it is about seeing how these people manipulate you, make you feel like you're being heard, and if you don't fall in line, they just ignore you, the same way they did to Brandy.
Maybe in a couple years, I'll be dead too with some weird story about a gallbladder problem and some video with one of my kids saying, yeah, I guess I know that.
and they admit it through their patterns of behavior.
Mike Eden has admitted his guilt through his patterns of behavior, his insistence on promoting Sasha Latupova over and over again is a huge admission.
His appearance in this substack, which
is such an admission because he's been on my stream multiple times, we've been in contact multiple times, he knows what an infectious clone is, how the machinery and apparatuses at any pharmaceutical company are capable of producing infectious clones, and that the people that would be mixing these vats wouldn't even need to know what they were making.
Because recombinant DNA and the recombinant DNA technology is the same, is the same, is the same.
And he's from a pharmaceutical company for 20 years, and so he knew that.
He knew they couldn't make the RNA pure from the very beginning.
He knew it wouldn't be a vaccine from the very beginning, and yet he focused on other things for a while, also to run out the clock on the murder in America.
He's not an American!
That's why he's cooperating with these traitors.
That's why he's cooperating with this traitor, for sure is a traitor.
Because she was flirting with me on voicemails for a year and a half.
And I have them.
And I have the texts that identify her as the liar that she is.
There is no other way to line up the facts of their behavior and see it as any other thing other than a liar.
So until I'm dead, I guess I'm going to be reiterating the evidence of these people and their malevolent role that they played in this fake pandemic.
Until they break, until they realize and everyone sees that this is the way they do it,
lack of links, dead links, or links to themselves while they pretend to cite you, but then actually cite someone else.
Today I'm going to talk about universities going to war with the Trump administration.
And the hilarious part about it is this guy was a total pro-vaccine, never said transfection, these people have never said transfection yet.
And they are promoting a guy who still won't say it, promoting a guy from Stanford who was on with the worst kind of people at the beginning of the pandemic.
And now these two who say there was no pandemic are promoting him as a useful skeptic.
This is so malevolent.
These people are working directly for the slavers.
This guy is actually probably less guilty and has told many less lies.
He's just actually bamboozled.
These people are actively engaging in lying on the internet over years.
And I'm very confident.
I'm confident to say that about people like Claire Craig and Kevin McKernan and Jessica Rose and Robert Malone.
I'm very confident to say that.
They cannot sue me for telling the truth.
And this is the other part of the truth that they can't tell you.
Intramuscular injection is dumb.
Transfection was always criminal.
RNA cannot pandemic.
All of these people met me when I was already able to say that and know already that it's sayable.
And they've ignored it and continued to perform their little act as a surfer with five post-secondary degrees.
She chalks her hand up and starts and stops the train again with Pierre Cory and Meryl Ness and Mary Holland and Kevin McKernan and Nick Hudson and Jessica Hockett and all of these other performers that have been on the internet pretending to usefully interact with something when they've never told you a damn thing.
Just like this scene have lied to you.
Just like this scene.
What is happening in this scene?
An entire tribe, a population, a huge city of people is being misled by people, other people who want to rule them.
And they are being misled because some people understand that something is coming and a bunch of other people don't understand that that something is coming.
And it's an eclipse.
And so a group of liars is going to lie about the eclipse and is using murder to convince these people that they are in communication with the gods.
And they have been murdering people all day long and dumping their bodies down the steps of this pyramid.
And they are going to lie about what's happening right now because they know that an eclipse is coming.
And all the people at the base of the pyramid don't have a clue.
And so this witch doctor is gonna pretend that he is interacting with the gods and that the gods are telling him that they are pleased.
When in all along, what is he doing?
He's been murdering people and he's been lying about what that murder means.
And he's using that murder and that lie
to teach a myth to these people.
And these people will teach that myth to their children, that that guy has powers, that that emperor is chosen, that these people are better and more powerful than us, not just because they wear jade on their face, but because they pulled off this miracle.
And so a natural phenomenon that these guys know is coming, but everyone else doesn't know is coming, can be used to convince generations of a mythology that is wrong.
Imagine, this is a team of performers because the chief knows
and the witch doctor knows, and the guy who's doing the dance knows, and the wife knows, and they all smile.
Look at those people getting fooled and marveling at the people going, oh my gosh, look, oh no.
And what you need to understand, ladies and gentlemen, is that Jessica Rose, and Meryl Nass, and Robert Malone, and Mary Holland, and Nick Hudson, and Dodd, and Reich, and Weinstein, wittingly or unwittingly, are engaged in exactly the same thing.
Except the phenomenon is not an eclipse.
That's the only difference.
The phenomenon is just as predictable and would have been and is just as spectacular.
And it was used to make us teach a mythology to our kids.
That's what they did with the pandemic, ladies and gentlemen, these people.
while engaging in a dinner theater about solving the mystery of a novel virus.
These people ignored and pretended to not know that there was an eclipse coming, but it's not an eclipse.
It is a rise in all cause mortality because the population pyramids tell the truth in the West.
All of our population pyramids are becoming obelisks instead of pyramids.
And this is a danger.
It's a danger to the economic stability of our systems.
It's a danger to our future.
And these people have seen this coming for a couple decades, and instead...
of just saying, well, we're gonna do everything we can to save everybody and to give everybody a long life, even though there's a crap ton of old people and we're not sure we have enough hospital beds to keep all these people alive.
No, they decided to, like those witch doctors, to use this biological phenomenon to teach a myth to our children that would enslave them for generations.
And so if you are somebody like Robert Malone, who knows that this is being distorted into something else,
then you can be like that guy at the top of the pyramid who looks down at all of those people in awe of the natural phenomenon and unaware that you knew it was coming and that you're telling them that it's something that it is not.
That's what they did with this population pyramid of the West.
That's what they did with this expected rise in all-cause mortality.
And that's what they continue to do, to explain to you that the reason why the population numbers are the way they are and how many people died is because of a novel virus, rather than the dynamics of the population pyramid itself.
And they were able to do this with such exquisite precision because we have acquiesced to the use of these military programs as a substitute for free communication.
Instead of sending detailed emails to everybody that you knew, trying to explain what you thought, you've been sending the posts of these actors to them, and so you've just been reinforcing the limited spectrum of debate as a witting or unwitting participant.
All of these organizations are doing the same thing.
They are part of the governance structure that creates the mythologies in which we are trapped.
by curating a very lively debate within a limited spectrum.
That's why the time frame of all these people is so important to understand, because there's no epidemiological evidence of spread.
That's what you see here when I get out of the way.
It's not like a virus.
It is like murder.
It is an anticipated rise in expected deaths that was sculpted using murder and lies to create the illusion of a pandemic.
These happy little accidents that these people engage in are part of the malevolent, you know, it's a happy little accident that he got fired.
and won a half a million dollars.
It's a happy little accident that him and his brother and Joe Rogan and all these people went into podcasting.
It's a happy little accident that at the beginning of 2025, they're still where I was in 2020, even though they've known me for five years.
It's not a happy little accident.
But if you want to accept these people as heroes, you're gonna have to accept a battleship-sized collection of happy little accidents where these people are in the right place at the right time with the wrong language for decades.
And promoting the wrong people with the wrong language for decades.
All of this has to be assumed to be a happy little accident that Meryl Nass and Robert Malone were in the same congressional hearing all these years ago, that Robert Malone has spoken in front of the Who and handed the mic to Rick Bright all those years ago.
It's just gotta be a happy accident that all these people, you know, like this lady is involved in the Cochran Reviews and has an evidence-based medicine consultancy, but on LinkedIn never mentions the World Council for Health.
I wonder why.
Happy little accidents are when, you know, the two guys from Panda invite me to speak three times in one year and then never keep the videos on their Rumble channel, just the same way the medical doctors for COVID ethics lost my, or the doctors for COVID ethics lost my video.
The same way that this traitor annoyed me for a year and a half, tried to get me to write with these other traitors for a year and a half, then got me to present in front of Senator Ron Johnson and then blocked me.
For no reason.
And is now absorbing whatever ideas her handlers allow her to absorb.
The same reason her track record checks out that Brett's track record is fake is the same reason why Kevin McKernan's track record is fake and culminates with him being in front of the Senate and then afterward being interviewed by Mary Holland, you know, that Democracy Now star from 2015, the head of the CHD that puts him on podcasts all the time.
And that's why he went and lied about the writing of this CHD book.
2024 because it's all one pattern of malevolent liars that is a coordinated opposition group that's kind of keeping the populist right occupied very uselessly.
That's why these guys all push him too because the vaccine schedule in America is a criminal enterprise.
That's why all these organizations exist and never say it, because it's true.
The U.S.
vaccine schedule is a criminal enterprise, and they need millions and millions of dollars to make sure that the murder and lies that formed the foundation of the pandemic narrative are never spoken of again, and that we stay focused on the COVID shots, because they're really bad.
And we keep solving the mystery of the lab leak virus that these people were involved in enacting.
And so you think you can go on social media, you're going on stage thinking you can change their script.
You cannot do that.
That's why Brandy's insight,
And my insight will never, ever permutate these organizations.
By the time this becomes common knowledge, this whole era will be part of human history that a lot of us are ashamed to talk about if we're still alive.
That's my prediction.
Ladies and gentlemen, these things are true.
There is no safe vaccine.
Intramuscular injection of medicine is a lie.
That's why you need to make a calendar of all your favorite people and verify yourself that these people have lied to you, that have been a part of this trap for five years, and they will continue to be a part of this trap so long as they are paid to do it.
America's grandchildren deserve the truth about these people.
They deserve the truth about this mystery virus solving narrative.
This is for all the marbles and our grandchildren will be enslaved if they do not inherit the truth about ingestion versus injection of a pharmaceutical.
they don't inherit the truth about these liars, if they don't inherit the truth about PCR as a diagnostic being a fraud, if they don't inherit the truth about synthetic recombinant genetics and what all these people could have told you at the beginning was that there's a hot background that none of these PCR tests are making a useful effort to differentiate from and the only thing we can really do is make a lot of pure DNA.
And that would be all that would be necessary for an agent in Wuhan to find whatever sequence we wanted there to find.
Yeah, I'm talking about Shengxi Li and Peter Daszak and that whole show.
Because transfection was a crime, they could never convert to transfection as personalized medicine if they hadn't tried to pull this shenanigans off.
They could have never gotten transfection to be rolled out in billions of doses without hundreds of millions of placebos, and that's the reason why most people are fooled.
And that's the reason why also none of these people that are in front of us have ever said placebo, because if they did, they would be admitting that.
Here's one of the biggest words, illusions of the pandemic, the idea of endemicity.
And it's actually a word that Jessica Hockett and Martin Neal and Jonathan Engler used in their virology joke review about endemic viruses.
And so no matter how hard I've tried to teach these people that this is all a lie, they have refused to accept that RNA cannot pandemic.
They have refused to accept that intramuscular injection is dumb.
There's not an MD on the planet that has the balls to step up to that statement yet.
And it's really disconcerting, but it's also a source of hope because it means we're right.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is team worst case scenario.
You can add as many people as you need to to understand this theater.
And as long as you understand that this past is starting to fade away, our kids are not gonna inherit a good understanding of what happened during the pandemic if we fail to pass it to them.
And this lie will become the truth if we do not make sure that that doesn't happen.
I'm just going to keep trying.
I don't know what to say, ladies and gentlemen.
Thank you very much for being here.
Thank you very much for sharing this with whoever you can and promoting the work as it's done.
I really appreciate it.
Thank you.
We have 42 viewers on YouTube, and we have 60 viewers on Twitch.
So if they're all different people, that would be a huge audience.
I suspect some of you guys are out there trying to game the algorithms and watching both with both windows open.
And I appreciate you guys all very, very much for doing that.
I don't think I'm gonna do a stream tomorrow, but I'll be on all next week as much as I can And again, thank you very much for sharing the work.
Make sure you pass it around and I'll try my best to get something together as soon as possible.
Thanks
I have no responsibility.
It's a lab leak.
It is much more likely.
I have no responsibility.
I believe it's a lab leak.
Viral phylogenist and molecular virologist would disagree with you.
It is much more likely.
It's a lab leak.